

Outline of Game
Game starts with console tracker of # of matches and grid of 4 cards

Player is able to click on any card -> card turns over to reveal an Emoji, stays turned over
Player clicks on second card -> card turns over to reveal Emoji
    if cards are matching, cards stay turned over & match tracker incremented
        if tracker === match count, player wins 
        else player selects next card
    if cards are different, cards turn back over and player is able to click again

Upon all cards turned over as matches, "winner" modal executes & option to start over


Pseudocode to Memory 

DECLARE constants for TOTALMATCHESPOSSIBLE
DECLARE state variables for matchTracker, moves

REFERENCE matchGrid, resetBtn

ATTACH event listner to matchGrid (handleClick)

What's going to happen when a click is registered on the matchGrid?
- Grab element in matchGrid and update DOM with emoji class2


What needs to happen to register a match or fail?
grab element from click 1, update dom add class2
grab element from click 2, update dom add class2
evaluate if classes match from the two clicks





DECLARE 


STRETCH ideas
to randomize, use array index with classes of emjois and then continue to add !== && statements 
manage DIVS in javascript


As a user, I want a browser-based interface so that I can play the game. DONE
As a user, I want to select the game cards and see them turn over so that I can interact with the game. DONE
As a user, I want matching cards to stay flipped over so I know I found a matching pair. DONE
As a user, I want 1 win condition where all cards are matched and turned over, So I know that I have won.
As a user, I want the game to reach a win state so that I know I won and can play again. 
As a user, I want to see a WINNER screen pop up when I have won to celebrate.



### Stretch Goals
As a user, I want to see a timer on the consle to add difficulty to the game.
As a user, I want to see the matched pairs disappear. 
As a user, I want to see an animation when the cards flip over.
As a user, I want to see a randomized order of cards for each new round.
As a user, I want the ability to play a more challenging level after I win, featuring more cards.
As a user, I want a pop up modal with instructions on how to play the game.
As a user, I want to log my best time result in the game.
As a user, I want to play and track a multitude of rounds on a scoreboard.
